[Core] [Cluster Launcher] Rename min/max_workers to min/max_worker_nodes (#40835)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/vms/references/ray-cluster-configuration.rst

* **Type:** :ref:`Resources <cluster-configuration-resources-type>`
* **Default:** ``{}``

> In some cases, adding special nodes without any resources may be desirable. Such nodes can be used as a driver which connects to the cluster to launch jobs. In order to manually add a node to an autoscaled cluster, the *ray-cluster-name* tag should be set and *ray-node-type* tag should be set to unmanaged. Unmanaged nodes can be created by setting the resources to ``{}`` and the :ref:`maximum workers <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>` to 0. The Autoscaler will not attempt to start, stop, or update unmanaged nodes. The user is responsible for properly setting up and cleaning up unmanaged nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, adding special nodes without any resources may be desirable. Such nodes can be used as a driver which connects to the cluster to launch jobs. In order to manually add a node to an autoscaled cluster, the *ray-cluster-name* tag should be set and *ray-node-type* tag should be set to unmanaged. Unmanaged nodes can be created by setting the resources to ``{}`` and the :ref:`maximum worker nodes <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>` to 0. The Autoscaler will not attempt to start, stop, or update unmanaged nodes. The user is responsible for properly setting up and cleaning up unmanaged nodes.
```

Reviewer: > :ref:`maximum worker nodes <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>` to 0

I'm actually confused by this: "maximum worker nodes" is referencing the min worker nodes section?

Author: Yeah the link is wrong. Should be fixed now

.. _cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes:

``available_node_types.<node_type_name>.node_type.min_worker_nodes``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The minimum number of workers to maintain for this node type regardless of utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum number of worker nodes to maintain for this node type regardless of utilization.
```

> The minimum number of workers to maintain for this node type regardless of utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum number of worker nodes to maintain for this node type regardless of utilization.
```

* **Minimum:** ``0``
* **Maximum:** Unbounded

``available_node_types.<node_type_name>.node_type.min_workers``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Deprecated since Ray 2.9 in favor of :ref:`min_worker_nodes <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>`, which has identical behavior but has a new name to avoid confusion with worker processes.

.. _cluster-configuration-node-max-worker-nodes:

``available_node_types.<node_type_name>.node_type.max_worker_nodes``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The maximum number of workers to have in the cluster for this node type regardless of utilization. This takes precedence over :ref:`minimum workers <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>`. By default, the number of workers of a node type is unbounded, constrained only by the cluster-wide :ref:`max_worker_nodes <cluster-configuration-max-workers>`. (Prior to Ray 1.3.0, the default value for this field was 0.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of workers to have in the cluster for this node type regardless of utilization. This takes precedence over :ref:`minimum workers <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>`. By default, the number of worker nodes of a node type is unbounded, constrained only by the cluster-wide :ref:`max_worker_nodes <cluster-configuration-max-workers>`. (Prior to Ray 1.3.0, the default value for this field was 0.)
```

* **Minimum:** ``0``
* **Maximum:** Unbounded

``available_node_types.<node_type_name>.node_type.min_workers``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Deprecated since Ray 2.9 in favor of :ref:`min_worker_nodes <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>`, which has identical behavior but has a new name to avoid confusion with worker processes.

.. _cluster-configuration-node-max-worker-nodes:

``available_node_types.<node_type_name>.node_type.max_worker_nodes``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The maximum number of worker nodes to have in the cluster for this node type regardless of utilization. This takes precedence over :ref:`minimum workers <cluster-configuration-node-min-worker-nodes>`. By default, the number of worker nodes of a node type is unbounded, constrained only by the cluster-wide :ref:`max_worker_nodes <cluster-configuration-max-worker-nodes>`. (Prior to Ray 1.3.0, the default value for this field was 0.)

> Note, for the nodes of type ``head_node_type`` the default number of max workers is 0.

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be max worker nodes?

Author: Yup, fixed
